Damon shepherded me through a
long, difficult, expensive process that
would have been impossible without
him. His attitude, responsiveness,
expertise and insight were exemplary. I
would not consider working with
another broker in the future.
Nick Jarcho


Damon is incredibly knowledgeable
and passionate about the real estate
market. He is dependable and
consistent across the board. No matter
the time of day, he was always
available to answer my questions on
the spot. He knows the market well
and was honest when advising me
about fair pricing. He was also able to
tell me about costs on improvements
that needed to be made which made
my final decision to buy and easy one.
In an industry where many are looking
for a quick sell, he represents his
clients to the highest degree. Damon
has years of negotiating skills that are
incredibly beneficial for his clients and
can be a pit bull when necessary. If
you're looking for a hard working,
honest and reliable agent, he's your
man.
Stephanie Forbes




Damon is the best. He sold our condo,
got us the price we wanted, and even
negotiated a post closing occupancy
that helped us transition, all while
being a super nice and super honest
guy. Never an unanswered email,
never an unreturned phone call. He
was there for us every step of the way.
We look forward to working with him
in the future both as buyers and
sellers.
Nicole Covino




Damon is a real estate professional.
When I began looking for a broker in
the pursuit of purchasing a property I
was very skeptical of the sharks in this
industry. He couldn’t be further away
from that image; he is kind and very
down to earth. As a foreigner being
unaware of the limitless hoops you
need to jump through to purchase a
place in this city Damon was always on
hand to explain the process and lead
me through it without ever pushing me
into making a decision. After ~6 months
of looking I had a set of keys in my
hand for the perfect property! I couldn’t
recommend him enough.
Thomas Barker




Damon is the best real estate agent
I've ever worked with and in my
opinion the best one out. In NYC it is
rare to find someone who listens, is
honest, and truly cares about you and
your home. Damon was absolutely
wonderful when I was looking to sell
my apartment and buy a new place in
Brooklyn. He broke down the entire
process for me and made it easy. He
really cares about his clients and wants
what is best for them.
Amanda Gallo




Within two days of contacting Damon
he lined up several apartments for me
to see (one right after the other so as
not to waste any time) He was
knowledgeable and helpful but never
pushy or rushed. He came with me to
sign my lease and personally handled
a small problem with the landlord
about receiving my my keys. Definitely
goes above and beyond. Would
recommend him without hesitation.
Suzanne Hackett




We had a really great experience
working with Damon. He's
knowledgeable and patient, and his
recommendations for an attorney and
lending program that we qualified for
worked out very well. In short, we
strongly recommend him.
Chris Dierks


We were looking for a coop or condo
in Park Slope for 2 years. Damon was
the third agent we worked with and
three times was definitely a charm.
Damon listened, he cared, and he
treated us with respect. Other agents
bombarded us indiscriminately with
links to unsuitable properties. By
contrast, Damon was very focused in
selecting only properties that
corresponded to our search criteria.
When we found a property, Damon
was extremely helpful in guiding us
through a negotiating process that
started out with us and the sellers very
far apart. Damon was always
reachable, always responsive, and he
did not shy away to let us know when
we were too rigid. He is very
experienced and dedicated to the
people he works with. You can’t have a
better agent.
Kurt and Joyce




Damon negotiated costs effectively on
my behalf, readily supplied relevant
knowledge and walked me through a
difficult and novel process of
purchasing my first coop (and
property). Pleasant, calm and genial
throughout, I was happy he was on my
team.
Myles Bender




Damon was excellent through the entire purchase process. He spent multiple
days with me visiting various apartments he had lined up. We were able to
efficiently visit many places in the same day and Damon had a very clear
understanding of exactly what I was looking for. This sped up the process
because we didn't visit any sites that fell outside of my guidelines. Damon
ensured I submitted a competitive and reasonable offer once I found an
apartment I wanted to proceed with. I was buying a coop and Damon helped
to put together a complete and correct application to the board and assembled
and delivered the final applications. Damon was on my side the entire time and


I had complete confidence in his efforts in each step of the process. I felt well-
prepared for the board interview and the closing was painless. Damon


recommended a loan officer and an attorney who were both extremely helpful
and were people I would also highly recommend. I greatly appreciated
Damon's referrals because I felt like I was working with all the right parties.
Damon was also very accommodating of my schedule and would go above
and beyond to come to meet me or to meet on off-hours. I highly recommend
Damon's services.
Kyle Turner




Damon was a friend of mine through charity work
we've done together, before I worked with him to find
my apartment; so I already knew he was a great guy
and someone I could trust in my search. This was all
new to me and he quickly eased my fear with steadfast
guidance and help. He made finding my apartment
fun and next to painless. He was always quick to
answer and eager to help through the lengthy co-op
approval process. I believe he has a greater range of
knowledge in the Brooklyn area, but he was also very
helpful in our search on the Upper East Side. I don't
believe much negotiations were done, so I can't speak
to his expertise there, but in all of our dealings with
him, he was kind, friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. I
would glowingly recommend him to anyone who is in
the market for an apartment in NYC
Meagan Murphy




There truly are no words to describe how exceptional Damon & Riana were throughout my home buying process.
Zillow needs to allow a 10-star rating so I can show how awesome these guys are.
I started out working with Damon, down the road I also worked with Riana and I can't say enough good things about the two of them.
Every single time I call, they answer, every problem I have they find a solution and they are always available. Damon even called me when he was at
dinner on vacation in Europe to talk to me about an offer on a property. I don't think their phones have voicemail because they never miss a call
from a client.
I first knew I would love this team when I sent an email at 5:30 in the morning. This was a list homes I wanted to visit and consider buying. In my
head, I figured I might get an answer 1-2 days out, and that was pushing it.
I literally got a response by 7am, and not just any response, a full detailed explanation on every single home on my list. It included EVERY SINGLE
piece of information I could possibly want to know down to how far away the fire dept was and the nearby restaurants/bars etc etc.
I was blown away.
They are professional but super friendly and best of all they GET THINGS DONE!
They take ownership of whatever problems may arise during the home buying process and make it a priority to get them fixed. There were issues
that came up during my home purchase that didn't really fall under the "realtor" umbrella, but they fixed them anyway. There was never a time they
sent me to someone else. It's so refreshing to hear "I'm not sure but I will find out" instead of "I don't know go ask someone else". This team was
literally my agent, attorney, inspector, mortgage broker and some times my therapist !
They take the time to explain things to their clients, they don't just talk "at them". There were SO MANY times when I would call Damon with a small
question and he would literally take an hour out of his day just to make sure I understood the smallest detail in depth.
I could write a book about how amazing this team is and even that wouldn't cover everything. I ran into so many speed bumps during this process
but EVERY single time I came to Damon & Riana they found a way to problem solve.
They also show a ton of appreciation to their clients !  Damon also works hard to give you real numbers to help back up your real estate choices. I was provided with statistics on sales in my area, median
prices, time on market etc etc etc. These were not the cookie cutter stats you can pull from any website, his team had gone in and individually
looked at each and every sale to give a "human" comparison. They factor in all the things a computer can't tell you like "this house is great, but the
block is sort of shabby" or "this price is great but let me tell you exactly why this house may be an issue".
Every single time we had a convo, I got a "summary" in my inbox less than 1 hour later about all the items we spoke about. It was complete with
notes on what I said, what they said, and things they would follow up on. AND THEY DID !
Not once did I ever have to say "hey remember you were supposed to do etc etc"
If they say they will do something, it gets done. No questions asked.
I am so blown away by their work ethic, NYC is filled with real estate agents but they are quality agents. They will never steer you or push you in any
direction unless you're walking into an absolute nightmare.
Buying a home is hands down one of the most stressful things you will ever do but if you have a great team around you, that is the difference
between being stressed vs being ready to jump off a bridge.
Damon & Riana are the type of professionals that take pride in a job well done and put tons of effort into their work and the results show !
I would gladly recommend them to any of my friends and family and I hope I get the chance to work with them again in the future.
There is absolutely no way I would be sitting in my new house writing this review if it wasn't for them. They helped me navigate the crazy NYC
market.
Best of all you will have fun with them !
Dara Simmons




Damon and his team are absolutely top notch! The crème de la crème of real estate brokers in the NYC and Brooklyn Metro area. They get a 10 out
of 10 from me based on my personal experience.
Who am I to offer such praise? I am a real estate investor and homeowner in NYC area who has had multiple purchases and sales in the past 10
years. I have enough experience with the asset class and working with brokers to know good from bad. Damon is EXCELLENT!
Damon and his team was able to project an accurate selling price of my home, offered valuable recommendations before selling, planned and
executed a comprehensive marketing strategy to get my home sold in a short amount of time for the maximum amount possible. From start to
finish, Damon offered support and was always available to answer questions and helped to work through any unexpected surprises during the
process. They surpassed my expectations at every level.
Lastly, Damon, his wife Riana and his team are great people! They are professional, very nice, diligent and hardworking and treat their clients with
respect and appreciation.
I highly recommend Damon to anyone looking to buy or sell their home. Truly a diamond!
James L.